Two fixed point theorems (#1227)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/order-theory/chains-posets.lagda.md

    is-prop-inclusion-chain-Preorder (preorder-Poset X) C D
```

## Properties

> ### Chains in a poset from order preserving maps from a total order

Reviewer: Took me a couple of reads to parse.

```suggestion
### Any order preserving maps from a total order into a poset induces a chain
```
